# Dissertation for Dept of Statistics, University of Michigan

This is my dissertation written to be compiled via [knitr](in Knitr) for ease of integration of R code.

While you could compile this in Rstudio, it is designed to be built with [make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/).

The idea is there is a main file (mine is errickson_thesis.Rnw) which houses the header stuff and brings in each chapter. Then each individual chapter
is included as a file (e.g. chap1.Rnw). These files can either be full chapters, or further inclusions of sections. For convenience I put each larger
chapter's sections into a folder, but that's not necessary.

Edit the first line in Makefile with the name of your main file, then from the command line, the Makefile defines the following:

- `make`: Knits and compiles the latex into a single pdf file. Uses `latexmk` which will rebuild (and run bibtex) repeatedly to ensure all references
  are correct.
- `make bg`: Same as above, but keeps the compiler running in the background. Any saved changes to files will result in an automatic recompilcation.
- `make clean`: Erases all temporary files, keeping only the input and output pdf.
- `make fresh`: Shortcut to `make clean; make`.
- `make clean all`: Runs `make clean` and also deletes the output (pdf) file.
- `make open`: Runs "open FILE.pdf".
- `make dependences`: Sources dependencies.R, which searches through the main file for `library` or `require` calls, and ensures the proper packages are installed. As a result, ensure all packages are loaded in your main file.

R caches can either be created and saved manually (just ensure the proper `/*/cache/<file>.Rdata` file exists), or if a cache file is missing, it will
be generated by `make` and saved. If you modify the R code, the cache will **not** be removed by default, you must manually remove the cache file
before calling `make`.

The abstract is not linked to `make`, just open in Rstudio and click "knit".
